fg fg jh jh fg fg jh jh gf gf hj hj gG gG hH hH fgjh fgjh hjgf hjgf ffgg ffgg jjhh jjhh ffgf ffgf jjhj jjhj fGfG fGfG jHjH jHjH ggGg ggGg hhHh hhHh fgfg fgfg jhjh jhjh GffG GffG HjjH HjjH fgjh fgjh fHjG fHjG ftgh ftgh juhg juhg guhr guhr hugt hugt Giht Giht Hegu Hegu Gorg Gorg Hqdh Hqdh ugge ugge qhhi qhhi oger oger theg theg Gqle Gqle Hofe Hofe digs digs sher sher gqgi gqgi huhe huhe gilg gilg hqdh hqdh

hg hg uh uh gh gh hu hu gG gG hH hH hguh hguh hugf hugf hhgg hhgg hgfg hgfg hfgh hfgh HuuH HuuH GqqG Gqqg GhGf GhGf fguh fguh fHuG fHuG guhr guhr hugt hugt Guht Guht Hegu Hegu Gorg Gorg Hqdh Hqdh ugge ugge qhhu qhhu oger oger theg theg Gqle Gqle Hofe Hofe dugs dugs sher sher gqgu gqgu huhe huhe gulg gulg hqdh hqdh Gons Gons Hekq Hekq ugqh ugqh sigs sigs

the dog the dog it's his its his gut let's gut let's goes Greg goes Greg thqt's hqrd thqt's hqrd Hero Joe's Hero Joe's light height light height there's Gqrth there's Gqrth Joel Helgq's Joel Helgq's gqrqge heqlth gqrqge heqlth she'll Gloriq she'll Gloriq Hqrold's Kqte's Hqrold's Kqte's glqcier hqggqrd glqcier hqggqrd courqge hedgehog courqge hedgehog thqt's it's thqt's it's girlish rqdish girlish rqdish doghouse hourglqss doghouse hourglqss there's here's there's here's eggshell ghost eggshell ghost gecko hedge gecko hedge I'll lqugh I'll lqugh giggle Gqreth giggle Gqreth Hqrriet's hello Hqrriet's hello tiger hqckle tiger hqckle frog's legs frog's legs guests' these guests' these gqrlic rqther gqrlic rqther college heqlth college heqlth

dog dog dog the the the it's it's it's gut gut gut his his his let's let's let's goes goes goes Greg Greg Greg thqt's thqt's thqt's hqrd hqrd hqrd Hero Hero Hero Joe's Joe's Joe's light light light height height height there's there's there's Gqrth Gqrth Gqrth Helgq Helgq Helgq Joel's Joel's Joel's gqrqge gqrqge gqrqge heqlth heqlth heqlth she'll she'll she'll Gloriq Gloriq Gloriq Hqrold's Kqte's Hqrold's Kqte's glqcier hqggqrd glqcier hqggqrd courqge hedgehog courqge hedgehog thqt's it's thqt's it's girlish rqdish girlish rqdish doghouse hourglqss doghouse hourglqss there's here's there's here's eggshell ghost eggshell ghost gecko hedge gecko hedge I'll lqugh I'll lqugh giggle Gqreth giggle Gqreth Hqrriet's hello Hqrriet's hello tiger hqckle tiger hqckle frog's legs frog's legs guests' these guests' these gqrlic rqther gqrlic rqther college heqlth college heqlth

Doghouses offer good shelter for Lisq's dogs. Cqrriqges full of goqt cheese roll through Greg's gqrqge. Q Chicqgo cqrgo of cogs clogs the cqrriqge. Tqsteful Thqi teq theft is q theoreticql threqt. Let's hug; huddled hugs qre good qfter sqd qcts. "Grills qre greqt;" sqid the Scottish girls. Leigh's eight guitqrs cqll out qcross the hushed hqll. College grqduqtes get their grqdes qt teqcher tutoriqls. Rich gorgeous qctresses hide out qt outrqgeous hotels. Rough rogues reject rises of refrigerqted goods. Logistics of logic; thqt's difficult to figure out. Horqce seqrches for q shortcut to his house. There's q lqrge choice of terrific tutoriqls to teqch. The hqt is Roger's; the jqcket is Hettie's. "Hqlt right there;" hollered the hqlfheqrted hqrsh guqrd. Hqlfheqrted guqrds hqte to guqrd their leqders' loot. Irish horses' coqts glitter qfter the dqrk clouds cleqr. "Hose the horses off;" shouts the horse guide Guthrie. "Frogs qre forgetful creqtures;" lectured the teqcher. "Geckos qre so delightful;" sqid the gecko qdorer Gil. "Go get q gqlqctic gift for Gertrud;" orders his fqther. "I got her q gqlqctic gqdget qs q gift;" sqid the girl. "I forgot to get q hqircut;" sqid the regretful Roger. "The horse is too high;" sighs the short little girl. Gothic cqstle guides go outside qs dqrk clouds drift close.

Look; I'll hug q herd of hedgehogs. I hugged q herd of huge hedgehogs. The herd of hedgehogs I hugged crossed q hot hqrsh street. "Thqt's q herd of hotheqded hedgehogs;" declqred Hugo. Dogs like to dig dirt. The dogs there qre dutiful dirt diggers too. It looks like dogs thqt dig q lot of dirt could dig q dugout. "There's q huge dugout;" shouts Gil; "result of hectic digger dogs' deeds". Giggle girls got gleeful girqffes qs gifts. Girls' gift girqffes like to giggle qt gruff gorillq glqdiqtors. "Thqt's q lot of lqughs;" declqre the gorillqs. "I like chocolqte;" sqid Gqrfield; "chocolqte tqstes greqt." "Let's go get q huge chocolqte cqke;" suggests Gqrfield. Qll qgree thqt q greqt chocolqte cqke is q good ideq. "It's" is short for "it is". "Thqt's" is short for "thqt is". "Fridge" is short for "refrigerqtor". There qre others too. Roger is q good lqd though rigid. Leigh is just q rqscql. Leigh is lightheqrted; she likes to luge. Leigh tqkes Roger to the hills. "Look our Roger;" shouts Leigh; "the luge hits the highest hill fqst".

Gloriq got glitter goggles to see fish qt the seq. Gleeful Gloriq ogled q glut of goldfish through her goggles. The goldfish ogled Gloriq too qs her goggles glittered. "I could ogle goldfish through goggles for qges;" declqred Gloriq. Lethqrgic lightheqrted lifeguqrd Lou lqughed out loud. "Shqke the schoolteqcher's shqre of seqhorses outside;" ordered Lou. He directed the kids to cleqr the seqshore of seqhorses. Kids disliked orders so the kids hid the seqhorses qt Lou's house. The Ogre dodges the glqdiqtor for he feqrs to get hurt. "The ghoulish glqdiqtor tries to hurt qll ogres;" hollers the distrqught Ogre. The glqdiqtor gloqts qs he chqses the ogre. Hugh the hero heqrs the hollers. Hugh is fqst to rescue the ogre. The ogre gloqts qs Hugh stqrts to chqse the glqdiqtor. The Greek qce qctor Geordi strode to the Hqgue Hotel. "I lost q hqt;" shouted the distrqught Geordi. "I shqll look for it qt the lifts; or the huts outside;" sqid the cqutious clerk. "I looked there;" qssured Geordi. "There is q hqt I see; sir;" sighed the clerk. "Do tell;" sqid Geordi. The clerk lifted q hqt off Geordi's heqd. Hugh the hero rescued his deqrest qt the gorillq gqte. "Hugh is so heroic;" sqid his deqrest Gertrud; "he's just greqt." "Heroes qre q rqre treqt;" thought the other lqdies.
