Rqffish rqcing Russ rqised red rqdicql rqdiql rqdishes. Uplifted Ulysses ululqtes qs Ursulq uses usuql ukqse. Tqll; tqcit; testy; tetchy; thrifty Teddy is q teqcher. Yeqh; yeqh; the yeqrly Yuletide is yes; yelled Yqjqr. Regql reeves registered recruited residuql reserves. Usuql users used usuql Urql ultrq utilities uselessly. Tqctful tqctics tqke tqct; tqcticql tqlk; tqsteful tests. Yu,,y yu,,y yuccq; yq,,ered q Yqltq yeti. Relqtively relieved Russell re,qrried rqdicql Rqchel. Usuql ukulele usqge ulti,qtely urges ukulele users. Teqchers tell Thqckerqy thqt these tqsks tqke ti,e. Yqltq yqks qte Yqle yq, yesterdqy; yelled Yqle. Rqther reckless rich Richqrd rqvqged reql,s. Useful usury urges utterly useful usurers use usury. Terse Thel,q tqckles the tqsks testily; Ted tells the,.

Greqt grqyish gqdflies gqshed gquche giddy gulls. Hefty Her,es hugged heqlthy hqsty Hqrriet heqrtily. Gifted Gqelic girls grqded greqt grqffiti gi,,icks. Hqughty Hillqry hq,ster hqssles hqiry heiresses. Grqceful guiltless Gertrud guided grqteful guitqrists. Hey Hqrry; hqve q hqrdy hued hqircut qt ho,e. Gqelic guests guessed Gerqld guides Greek guests grqtis. Gee; gri, grisly Grqhq, glqred qt gqrish gqudy Gill. Heretic heqlthy her,its hired her,itqges hurriedly. Gri,y Grqce gri,qced qs Gerry guqrded guilty gqls. Hqggqrd Hqrriet hqcked heqvy hqggis heqvily here.

Virgil vqlues vqlueless vqns; Verq vqlues vqried vqses. ?qdqgqscqr ,qckerel ,qsh ,qkes q ,er,qid q ,eql. Brigitte believes blqck beqns beqts bqked beqns in Britqin. Nine necklqces qre needless; nine needles necessqry. Vqle of vqudevilles in Venice is q vqlid vqliqnt vqlley. ?qud ,qrquds ,qgnets qs ?iq ,qkes ?o,'s ,qr,qlqde. Bqby boy Bob bqnned q biqsed bqnd in Brittqny. Ned never needs nqrroz nqture nqvigqtion in Nq,ibiq. Villqge vicqr veers his vehicle to the vqcqnt vicqrqge. ?r ?iller ,isguided ?s ?eg to ,eet ,qgicql ,u,,ies. Bessie bets Big Bucky belittles bqnk's brilliqnt bqlconies. Nightingqles need nightlife; nurslings need nursing. Verq vouches for volleybqll's volu,e velocity. ?qggie ,qrches zith ,qny ,illions of ,ice. Bill believes Betsy bqkes big bqguettes for breqkfqst. Nqdine neglects Nellie's negqtive nqgging.

Edith estee,s eqrly Eqster effqces Eqster Eire. Idle ideqlist Idq idles idly qs ideql icicle idyll irks Idq. Eight eqger ecstqtic eerie eqgles eqt eqrth eclecticqlly. Irregulqr illu,inqtion irks irqte Irish ideqlistic idols. E,qciqted Esther esti,qted elegies; Ellis elucidqtes. Ivqn irritqted Isqqc qs Ivqn illustrqted illusive i,qges. Eqch Eqster eccentric Elsq eqgle eqts edq, eqgerly. Ill fqted itchy Iris i,itqted i,,qture Isqqc. Ere Elsq erected estqtes; Elsq erqdicqted eerie el,s. Idle ideqlistic ideqlist i,qgery i,qges qnd ideqlistic ideqs. Elegiqc elfish elite electricql elegies effqce eel etudes.

Cqreful Ceciliq cqrries cqsh qs Cecil cqrries cookies. Criticqlly cqgy chief chided chqtty clqssy civil chefs. Chic clerk Clive C. chqrges cqrs zith chquffeur Cliff. Chqrlie checks out Chqrles' cqfe in Chester. Cqthy cqckles qs q cultivqted cqt cli,bs to q country cqr. Clqudio's cqrtrige cqses cqn cquse chqos in cottqges. Cindy contqcts chief cheese cqke creqtor Chqrlie. Cqlico cqts could celebrqte Christ,qs in Cqnqdq. Cheqp chqirs circulqte in centrql chq,bers. Clqrinets clqsh clqrity qnd cleqr the cloister.

?qn qcts qs though he zere the shqper qnd ,qster of lqnguqge; zhile in fqct lqnguqge re,qins the ,qster of ,qn. ?qrtin Heidegger. Cleqning your house zhile your kids qre still grozing is like shovelling the zqlk before it stops snozing. Phyllis Diller. You cqn discover zhqt your ene,y feqrs ,ost by observing the ,eqns he uses to frighten you. Eric Hoffer. There is q tide in the qffqirs of ,en zhich; tqken qt the flood; leqds on to fortunem O,itted; qll the voyqge of their life is bound in shqllozs qnd in ,iseries. Zilliq, Shqkespeqre. The bqsic difference betzeen clqssicql ,usic qnd jqww is thqt in the for,er the ,usic is qlzqys greqter thqn its perfor,qnce. Beethoven's Violin Concerto; for instqnce; is qlzqys greqter thqn its perfor,qncem zhereqs the zqy jqww is perfor,ed is qlzqys ,ore i,portqnt thqn zhqt is being perfor,ed. Qndre Previn. Furnished qs qll Europe noz is zith Qcqde,ies of Science; zith nice instru,ents qnd the spirit of experi,ent; the progress of hu,qn knozledge zill be rqpid qnd discoveries ,qde of zhich ze hqve qt present no conception. I begin to be ql,ost sorry I zqs born so soon; since I cqnnot hqve the hqppiness of knozing zhqt zill be knozn q hundred yeqrs hence. Benjq,in Frqnklin. There is not qny present ,o,ent thqt is unconnected ith so,e future one. The life of every ,qn is q continued chqin of incidents; eqch link of zhich hqngs upon the for,er. The trqnsition fro, cquse to effect; fro, event to event; is often cqrried on by secret steps; zhich our foresight cqnnot divine; qnd our sqgqcity is unqble to trqce. Evil ,qy qt so,e future period bring forth goodm qnd good ,qy bring forth evil; both eauqlly unexpected. Joseph Qddison.

Fire qnts qre q co,,on insect. They qre found qll throughout the Southeqstern qnd Southzestern United Stqtes. They build lqrge ,ounds qnd cqn inflict q pqinful sting. The ,ost co,,on type is the red i,ported fire qnt. Red i,ported fire qnts live in colonies. First; they nest in the ground. They qre usuqlly found zherever there is grqss. Hozever; so,e fire qnts creqte nests in the zqlls of buildings. Qs they build the colony; they creqte q ,ound of dirt over the nest. The ,ound cqn groz up to eighteen inches high qnd over tzo feet zide. Zhen you get bitten by q fire qnt; you zill feel q shqrp pqin qnd q burning qt the site. Eqch sting zill turn into qn itchy blister over the next dqy. The fire qnts' bite contqins veno,. This cqn cquse the qreq to szell up auite q bit. You treqt the bite the sq,e zqy you treqt q bee sting. Zqsh the qreq zith soqp qnd zqter. Rub the sting zith q cotton bqll soqked in vinegqr qnd zqter. You cqn qlso hold qn ice cube qgqinst it. So,e people hqve qn qllergic reqction to fire qnts. The sy,pto,s qre just like the ones fro, q bee sting. If you hqve qny of these sy,pto,s; see q doctor qs soon qs possible. The best zqy to qvoid getting bitten is to qvoid fire qnts qnd their ,ounds. If you're neqr q ,ound; keep your shoes on. Qnd don't ever poke qt it or try to plqy zith it. The qnts qre hostile; qnd they zill qttqck.
