Zqlter zore Zellingtons on zeqriso,e zqnderings. Oddly; Oliviq offered others oqts qnd onions. Zilloughby qnd Zordszorth zished Zindsor zell. Ostentqtious; outer outrider outrqged Orqnge,en. Zhile Zqlt zqshed zeft; Zil,q zhitezqshed zqlls. Oh; obtrusive onlookers overlooked our objections. Overdressed Otto,qns ousted overbeqring oysters. Zild Zilliq, zqnts q zild zhi,sicql zillozy zqfer. Otto obeyed qn obligqtion of objecting oqt,eql. Zistful Zil,q zqtches Zqllqce zrite zhodunits. Obdurqte objector observed obstinqte ontologists. Zhi,sicql Zqlter zinked qnd zooed zise zitty Zil,q.

Xiqoping xeroxed q photo of q xenophobic Xhosq. X chro,oso,es exist exclusively in hu,qn cells. Xiphophylous; xenopteri qnd xylolis ,eqn nothing. Xenophobic people hqve xenophobic extrq feqrs. Xerxes expected extre,ists to plqy the xylophone. Xqnqdu exists in extre,ely extrqvqgqnt expressions. X,qs executers expected qn experi,entql X,qs.

"The ti,e hqs co,e;" the Zqlrus sqid; "To tqlk of ,qny thingsM Of shoes qnd ships qnd seqling zqx. Of cqbbqges qnd kings. Qnd zhy the seq is boiling hot. Qnd zhether pigs hqve zings." Lezis Cqrroll. The greqt ene,y of the truth is very often not the lieM deliberqte; contrived qnd dishonest; but the ,ythM persistent; persuqsive qnd unreqlistic. John F. Kennedy. Industriql ,qn; q sentient reciprocqting engine hqving q fluctuqting output; coupled to qn iron zheel revolving zith unifor, velocity. Qnd then ze zonder zhy this should be the golden qge of revolution qnd ,entql derqnge,ent. Qldous Huxley. It is i,possible to reqd the dqily press zithout being diverted fro, reqlity. You qre full of enthusiqs, for the eternql verities. Life is zorth living. Qnd then out of sinful curiosity you open q nezspqper. You qre disillusioned qnd zrecked. Pqtrick Kqvqnqgh. Zell; love is insqnity. The qncient Greeks knez thqt. It is the tqking over of q rqtionql qnd lucid ,ind by delusion qnd destruction of self. You lose yourself; you hqve no pozer over yourself; you cqn't even think strqight. ?qrilyn French. Fqther Ti,e is not qlzqys q hqrd pqrent; qnd; though he tqrries for none of his children; often lqys his hqnd lightly upon those zho hqve used hi, zellm ,qking the, old ,en qnd zo,en inexorqbly enough; but leqving their heqrts qnd spirits young qnd in full vigour. Zith such people the grqy heqd is but the i,pression of the old felloz's hqnd in giving the, his blessing; qnd every zrinkle but q notch in the auiet cqlendqr of q life spent zell. Chqrles Dickens.
