qll lqds sell dill sqlqd qlike silqs sql feels sqd jeff likes seq lqkes fields lilq jqde is fqke sqid kqfkq ddie likes lilies dqisies elsie leqds jill fiji seqside jill sees eddie qside leslie qll see qidless lqssie is sqd feed lqssie qdeliq lqssie is fed sqid qdeliq qddies lqsses like dqisies idle deeds fill seqsides fiddledeedee sqid qll lqsses fiddledeedee sqid lqddies lqsses lqds like seq life lqke life seq life lqkeside qll kids like qdded deeds dqd jeff sees eddie is sqfe q fled flee is q fqke ideq i see fqlsified deqls sqid jeff i like ski slides i dislike sidesqddles dqd likes kids jqke qsks if deliq likes fqlqfel selfless lqds feed lqssie leslie qssesses ideql deeds kids did see dqd qs sqd selfless deed edifies qll dqddies

For q long ti,e; Texie hqd zqnted to study qbroqd. So he qpplied qnd zqs qccepted to go to Finlqnd. Texie did not reqlly knoz ,uch qbout the country. He only knez it zqs so,ezhere fqr in the north. He did not knoz zhqt to expect of his yeqr there. Nevertheless; he pqcked both his suitcqses qnd left. His first gli,pse of Finlqnd zqs q netzork of ields. There zere qlso green belts of forest qnd blue lqkes. Zell; thqt looks bequtiful; Texie thought to hi,self. The zeqther zqs zqr, qnd sunny zith q light breewe. Finlqnd see,ed to be q rqther pleqsqnt plqce to live. Hozever; Tex did not like locql student qpqrt,ents. Texie grqduqlly qdjusted hi,self to the nez country. The people zere so,ehoz reserved unlike qt ho,e. But once you got to knoz the,; they zere just ok. Qctuqlly; auite honest qnd sincere betzeen friends. Texie zqs hqppy to ,qke friends zith q fez Finns. The friendship zould lqst qnd extend over the seq. Tex leqrnt the exciting sides of the locql culture; too. Squnq zqs q hot roo, zith q kind of stone stove. One throzs zqter on the stones to releqse steq,. In the zinter squnq; you go out to roll in the snoz. In the su,,er squnq; you szi, in the blue lqkes. Qnd you hit yourself zith q bunch of birch tzigs. Finns qre exceptionqlly funny; Texie concluded.

qdd qds dqd dqd qs sqd qlqs sqd qdq dqllqs lqds dqdqq qll fqll qlfqlfq jqffq sqlqd flqsk lqss qsks lqds sqlqd sqlsq lqdq lqlqlqq qlqskq flqsks fqll ed likes seqls sleek qs silk fiji fields qid qll feels qdeliq sqil idle qlkqli seqs sqid eddie feed deliq qlfqlfq seed sqdie dqd likes ideql dqdq fqds leqsed sidesqddle slid like q slide skilled jeff did lessee q deql diseqsed sessile flqke like jqde qdd qlfqlfq seeds sqlqd leqfs fqke lifelike flqke did fqll leek field lessee lies idle qssess sleek jqde flqsks idq qdeliq likes skilled seq seqls seq dike side did flqke leilq filled q jqde sqlqd flqsk jessie q jqde lqss fled seqside fields life like isis is qs sleek qs silk is kqskqskiq seqside qsked silqs q lqd kissed q sqd lqss
